[Wiki] Document prerelease RC process (#6927)
elastic/eui: wiki/eui-team-processes/releasing-versions.md

    * Publish with your OPT and the new version as the tag - `npm publish --tag=backport --otp=your-one-time-password`
* Let people know the backport is released
* Celebrate profusely

> # Prerelease process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pre-release process
```

I've been looking for definitives whether it should be **prerelease** or **pre-release** and not come up with much. Wikipdia's entry for [software release lifecycle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_release_life_cycle) prefers the hyphen, so that's my two cents for all users of the word.

> Some changes may be particularly difficult to test in local EUI environments alone, or effects may be so wide-ranging that they should be tested against Kibana's expansive set of CI tests beforehand to catch as many regressions as possible. In those scenarios, we should utilize a prerelease RC that we can point other staging or CI environments for easier QA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some changes may be particularly difficult to test in local EUI environments alone, or effects may be so wide-ranging that they should be tested against Kibana's expansive set of CI tests beforehand to catch as many regressions as possible. In those scenarios, we should utilize a release candidate (RC) that we can point to other staging or CI environments for easier testing.
```

Author: Awesome copy tweaks, thanks Trevor!

  - Otherwise, simply check out the [latest EUI release](https://github.com/elastic/eui/releases), e.g. `git checkout v83.0.0`
  - The purpose of this step (instead of releasing from latest `main`) is to reduce as much noise as possible and ensure you're *only* testing the changes you want to test. This is particularly necessary for Kibana CI testing.
- Apply the commit(s) with the desired changes, e.g. `git cherry-pick [commit-id]`
- We cannot run the full [release script](https://github.com/elastic/eui/blob/main/scripts/release.js), so run a subset of the script's steps instead:
    ```sh
    yarn && yarn test-ci && yarn build
    ```
    The i18n token and changelog steps are skippable as prereleases are not officially documented releases.
- Run npm version/publish steps specific to a prerelease build:
    ```sh
    npm version prerelease --preid rc1 # the `1` can be incremented as necessary for additional RC builds
    npm publish --tag=prerelease # will require an OTP
    ```

>     The step for pushing git tags can/should be skipped, as prereleases are not officially documented releases and are primarily for testing purposes.

Reviewer: What do you think about reframing this sentence or removing it altogether? Our `yarn release` command automatically creates new tags and pushes them before the command finishes. I feel since we're using lower-level NPM commands for this process it's less necessary to mention tagging the release.

Author: I feel fairly strongly about leaving it in - the backport release steps essentially walk devs manually through each step in the `release.js` script, and the prerelease guidance is essentially the same in spirit, just with a few unnecessary steps skipped. And if we're skipping certain steps for expedience, it's worth explaining why, just IMO.
